Add plans banner to `/install` page (#6865)
roc-lang/roc: www/content/install/index.md

Roc is a very young language with many incomplete features and known bugs. It doesn't even have a numbered release yet, but it does have [nightly builds](https://github.com/roc-lang/roc/releases) that you can download if you'd like to try it out without [building from source](https://github.com/roc-lang/roc/blob/main/BUILDING_FROM_SOURCE.md)!

<div class="banner">

>     Roc is a <b>Work in Progress</b>, see our <a href="/plans">plans</a> page for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Roc is a <b>Work in Progress</b>! sSe the <a href="/plans">plans</a> page for more information.
```

Author: Updated

>     Roc is a <b>Work in Progress</b>! see our <a href="/plans">plans</a> page for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Roc is a <b>Work in Progress</b>! See the <a href="/plans">plans</a> page for more information.
```

@lukewilliamboswell are you ok with this change too? 😄

>     Roc is a <b>Work in Progress!</b> see our <a href="/plans">plans</a> page for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Roc is a <b>Work in Progress!</b> See the <a href="/plans">plans</a> page for more information.
```
